pools 1 5 1 (#2203)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/content/ccip/api-reference/v1.5.1/registry-module-owner-custom.mdx

---
section: ccip
date: Last Modified
title: "CCIP v1.5.1 RegistryModuleOwnerCustom Contract API Reference"
metadata:
  description: "API documentation for the RegistryModuleOwnerCustom contract in Chainlink CCIP v1.5.1"
---

import { Aside } from "@components"
import CcipCommon from "@features/ccip/CcipCommon.astro"

<CcipCommon callout="importCCIPPackage151" />

The [`RegistryModuleOwnerCustom`](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/ccip/blob/release/contracts-ccip-1.5.1/contracts/src/v0.8/ccip/tokenAdminRegistry/RegistryModuleOwnerCustom.sol) contract provides different methods for token developers to register themselves as administrators for their tokens in CCIP.

## Errors

### CanOnlySelfRegister

```solidity
error CanOnlySelfRegister(address admin, address token)
```

> Thrown when someone tries to register an admin that isn't themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thrown when someone tries to register an admin address that does not belong to them.
```
